Hi everyone! Welcome to Amanda's Taste
Today I'm going to teach you how to make this
Very popular cheese pork ribs in Korea
This dish combines cheese and pork ribs together
Put two tempting things together to make it a better one
Let's see how to cook the pork ribs
We need 1kg of spare ribs
And some Korean seasonings
Honey, Korean hot pepper paste, ginger, sesame oil
Soy sauce, garlic, onion, and apple
First, peel the onion, garlic, ginger, and apple
The aroma of the apple matches perfectly with the pork
And it can also help soften the meat
Use a microplane to mash the onion, apple, and ginger
You can also use this kind of special dish
To mash the vegetables
Or food processor or mixer will work as well
Just use anything you have
To mash the onion, apple, and ginger
And mix them altogether
Use a garlic press to make the garlic into mashed garlic
After you mix everything
Pour the hot pepper paste into it
And sesame oil
Honey
And soy sauce
Mix everything well together
This is the sauce to marinate the pork ribs
If you want it to taste spicier
You can add some Korean hot pepper powder in
Let's check the pork ribs out
This pork ribs have a natural curve
The concave side has a white membrane
Better remove it so the pork ribs can absorb more taste
Brush the sauce we just made evenly on the pork ribs
Brush both sides
And also all the edges and corners
Cover it with plastic wrap and cool it in the fridge
Cool it for at least 3 hours
Better if you can put it overnight
The second day when the ribs are ready
Preheat the oven to 150º
Take an aluminum foil
Place the pork ribs on it and wrap it up
And the second layer
Don't throw the sauce away
Save it for later
Place the wrapped pork ribs on the tray
The convex side should face down
Put into the 150º middle oven for about 80 minutes
Let's prepare the side dishes and cheese while waiting
I used two kinds of cheese
Mozzarella & red-leicester
Just buy this kind of shredded cheese
I use kimchi, jalapeño, sweet corn
And gherkins for the side dishes
And the parsley for decoration
Take out the pork ribs after baking for 80 minutes
Raise the temperature of the oven to 180º
Unwrapped the aluminum foil
Directly cover the tray with the outer layer aluminum foil
And unwrapped the inner layer aluminum foil
You can see the juice runs from the pork ribs
We are going to throw these juice out
Just place the pork ribs on the tray
And brush the sauce we just made on the pork ribs
Brush both sides
Place the convex side upward
And put it into the 180º oven for 10 minutes
Take it out after 10 minutes
And brush the sauce again
Put it back, still 180º for 10 minutes
The pork ribs with two layers of sauce
Came out in this beautiful color
Use a pan that would fit in the oven
Place the pork ribs on it
Because it is too long
Cut it half from the center
Don't turn off the oven
Raise it to 200º for later use
Spread the shredded cheese next to the pork ribs
Place some sliced chili pepper and jalapeños on top
And the corn kernels
Back into the oven
Use 200º to bake for the last 10 minutes
Until the cheese is slightly melted
You can prepare an induction oven
When bringing it on to the table
Place the pan on it
Turn on the lowest heat
To keep the cheese nice and gooey
Use a pair of scissors to separate the pork ribs
Cut it into pieces like this
And enjoy it by dipping it into the cheese
This popular cheese pork ribs is done
After marinated in the sauce for a long period of time
The pork ribs taste sweet and spicy
And also after a long period time of baking
The surface is very cripsy
The meat tastes very soft and has a firm texture
The rib works just fine with itself
Dipping it in
And the gherkins and other side dishes we just prepared
Put the whole pan on the table is just like having hot pot
This is the dish to share with friends
I hope you like this episode of Amanda's Taste
Please don't forget to like, subscribe, and follow
Thank you for watching
See you next time